[Rating] Use different shape for empty and filled icons (#22554)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/rating/rating.md

- A radio group is used with its fields visually hidden.
  It contains six radio buttons, one for each star and another for 0 stars, which is checked by default. Make sure you are providing a `name` prop that is unique to the parent form.
- The labels for the radio buttons contain actual text (“1 Star”, “2 Stars”, …), make sure you provide a `getLabelText` prop when the page language is not English.

> In the event you are using the color as the only means to indicate the value of a rating, we recommand the information to be also available in text, like in [this demo](#hover-feedback). This is important to match the [success Criterion 1.4.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#use-of-color) of WCAG2.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the rating component uses both color and shape to indicate the value.
In the event that you are using color as the only means to indicate the value of a rating (such as the [Custom empty icon](#customized-ratings) example, the information should also be also available as text, as in [this demo](#hover-feedback). This is important to match [success Criterion 1.4.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#use-of-color) of WCAG2.1.
```
